The original user guide link: https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/tutorial?sectionId=beginners-guide&page=introduction

Beginners Guide

FAQ for Beginners
FAQ for Beginners
What does “quantum” mean?
“量子”到底意味着什么？
Quantum theory, developed in the early 1900’s, revolutionized physics and chemistry by successfully explaining the weird behavior of tiny particles like atoms and electrons.  In the late twentieth century it was discovered that it applied not just to these particles, but to information itself. This led to a revolution in the science and technology of information processing, making possible previously unimagined kinds of computing and communication.
量子理论，是从20世纪早期发展起来的，它因为成功的解释了微观粒子比如原子和电子的奇妙行为而为物理学和化学带来了革命性的进步。 在20世纪末，人们发现了它不仅可以用在粒子领域，它还能用在信息领域。这为信息处理的科学与技术带来了革命，而且使得之前难以想象的计算能力与通信技术变得可能。
What is a quantum computer?
量子计算机是什么？
A quantum computer is a device able to manipulate delicate quantum states in a controlled fashion, the way an ordinary computer manipulates its bits.
量子计算机是一个能够以可控方式（类似于传统计算机操纵比特一样）来操纵微妙的量子态的装置。
What is a qubit?
什么是量子比特？
A qubit is the quantum version of a bit, and its quantum state can take values of |0>, |1>, or both at once, a phenomenon known as superposition.  The half angle bracket notation |>  is conventionally used to distinguish qubits from ordinary bits.
一个量子比特是量子版本的比特，并且它的量子态能够取值为|0>, |1> 或者两种状态同时并存，而这种现象被称为态叠加。这种半角的标识 |> 能够把量子比特和传统比特区分开来。

What is a superposition?
什么是“态叠加”？
A superposition is a weighted sum or difference of two or more states; for example, the state of the air when two or more musical tones are sounding at once.  Ordinary, or “classical,” superpositions commonly occur in everyday phenomena involving waves.
态叠加是加权和，或者是两种或者更多状态的差异。举个例子，当两种或者更多音乐音调同时在空气中发声的时候，空气的状态。一般来说，或者按照“经典理论”来说，态叠加是一种常见现象，经常出现在日常生活中，尤其是那些涉及“波”的现象中。

How are quantum superpositions different?
量子态叠加为何与众不同？
Quantum theory predicts that a computer with N qubits can exist in a superposition of all 2N of its distinct logical states |00…0> through  |11…1>.  This is exponentially more than a classical superposition. Playing N musical tones at once can only produce a superposition of N states.
量子理论的预测中，一个拥有N个量子比特的计算机可以实现一个包含2的N次方的不同逻辑状态的态叠加，从 |00…0> 到 |11…1>。 相比于经典态叠加，这是一种指数型的态叠加。 而在传统态叠加中，同时播放N种音调只能产生一个包含了N个状态的态叠加。

How is superposition different from probability?
态叠加和概率有什么不同？
A row of N coins, each of which might be heads or tails, has  2N possiblestates, but it actually is in only one of them—we just don’t know which. For this reason, quantum superposition is a more powerful resource than classical probabilism.
想象一下一排 N 个硬币，每个硬币掷出结果是 正 或者 反 两面， 那么最后结果就会有 2N 种结果。但是它实际的状态只能是这些状态中的一种--我们只是不知道具体是哪个。也正是因为这个原因，量子态叠加是比传统或然率更加强大的一种资源。

How is a quantum superposition different from massive parallelism?
量子态叠加和大规模并行计算有什么不同？
Though superposition is stronger than a probabilism, it is weaker than actually having an army of 2N real computers all working on the problem at once. Superposition is strictly weaker than full parallelism, and strictly stronger than probabilism.
虽然态叠加是比或然率要更强劲一些，但是它的能力其实比 一支拥有 2N 个实体计算机并且能同时计算同一个问题的 计算集群要弱。严格意义上来说，态叠加比全并行要弱，但是要比或然率要强。

What is entanglement?
什么是纠缠？
Entanglement is a property of most quantum superpositions and does not occur in classical superpositions.
纠缠是大部分量子态叠加的属性 并且 在传统态叠加中不会出现。
In an entangled state, the whole system is in a definite state, even though the parts are not.
在一个纠缠状态中，整个系统处在一种确定的状态中，尽管部分却不是。
Observing one of two entangled particles makes it behave randomly, but tells the observer exactly how the other particle would act if a similar observation were made on it. Because entanglement involves a correlation between individually random behaviors of the two particles, it cannot be used to send a message.

Therefore, the term “instantaneous action at a distance,” sometimes used to describe entanglement, is a misnomer.

There is no action, only correlation, which, though uncannily perfect, can only be detected afterward when the two observers compare notes.

The ability of quantum computers to exist in entangled states is responsible for much of their extra computing power, as well as many other feats of quantum information processing that cannot be performed, or even described, classically.

What is a quantum gate?
Quantum gates are the elementary building blocks for quantum computation, acting on qubits the way classical logic gates act on bits, one and two at a time, to change their state in a controllable way.

Introduction
Introduction
We’re at the start of a new stage in the information revolution. The first stage began around 1950 with a handful of expensive room-sized computers, used only by specialists. Today there are more computers in the world than people, and we rely on them for everything from communication to transportation, commerce, and (of course!) the Internet. All of our computers’ varied abilities are produced by manipulating zeros and ones using simple operations like AND, OR, and NOT, which are called logic gates. By doing so billions of times per second in billions of places at once, they keep our world humming along in the manner to which we have become accustomed.
For over 35 years, IBM has been researching an utterly different kind of information and information processing, as different from ordinary “classical” information as a dream is from a book. Unlike dreams, this new kind of information, called quantum information, is both well-understood and useful. The basic unit of quantum information is called a qubit (pronounced CUE-bit), and a machine for storing and processing qubits is called a quantum computer. We’ve been building and testing increasingly powerful quantum computers for several years, and last year we made a 5-qubit one, housed at our Yorktown lab, available over the Internet to the general public. In other words, YOU now have a programmable quantum computer at your fingertips! We’ll soon be upgrading our public quantum computer, but even five qubits are enough to get a feel for quantum computing.
Quantum theory, developed in the early 1900’s, revolutionized physics and chemistry by successfully explaining the weird behavior of tiny particles like atoms and electrons. In the late twentieth century it was discovered that it applied not just to these particles, but to information itself. This led to a revolution in the science and technology of information processing, opening the door to new types of computing and communication.
By going through this Beginner’s Guide, we hope you will learn what’s different about quantum computing, and the new possibilities that it opens up. Some of these might include designing new materials and drugs, searching databases faster, and solving systems of linear equations with breathtaking efficiency, in ways that are currently impossible. To do all of this, quantum computers will use two fundamental properties of the quantum world: superposition and entanglement.
So, what is superposition? Qubits can be in the “|0⟩|0⟩” state (called a zero-ket), the “|1⟩|1⟩” state (called the one-ket), or a linear combination of the two (superposition). The half-angle bracket notation |⟩|⟩ is conventionally used to indicate qubits, as opposed to ordinary bits. When you measure the |0⟩|0⟩ quantum state, you get a classical 0, and when you measure the |1⟩|1⟩ quantum state, you get a classical 1. The |0⟩|0⟩ state is sometimes called the ground state because in many physical implementations of quantum computing, including ours, it is the lowest energy state.

Now, for entanglement. Entanglement is a property of many quantum superpositions and does not have a classical analog. In an entangled state, the whole system can be described definitively, even though the parts cannot. Observing one of two entangled qubits causes it to behave randomly, but tells the observer exactly how the other qubit would act if observed in a similar manner. Entanglement involves a correlation between individually random behaviors of the two qubits, so it cannot be used to send a message. Some people call it “instantaneous action at a distance,” but this is a misnomer. There is no action, but rather correlation; the correlation between the two qubits’ outcomes is detected only after the two measurements when the observations are compared. The ability of quantum computers to exist in entangled states is responsible for much of their extra computing power, as well as many other feats of quantum information processing that cannot be performed, or even described, classically.


To learn more about the concepts of superposition and entanglement, see actor Paul Rudd defeat Stephen Hawking in a game of Quantum Chess. The rules can be found online, and you can watch the inventor of the game, Chris Cantwell, play a friendly game with chess expert Anna Rudolf. You can also find both a short and longer introduction to quantum concepts by IBM Fellow Charlie Bennett on our website.

If you want to see more of the math and theory behind the concepts, we encourage you to dig into our full User Guide!


We anticipate that you will spend about 10-30 min on each section (with the later sections requiring more time) as you read through this guide and explore the sample quantum scores on the IBM Q experience.

Getting Started
Histogram representation (Bar graph)
The Weird and Wonderful World of the Qubit
Single-Qubit Gates
Creating superposition
Introducing qubit phase
Summary of quantum gates
Multi-Qubit Gates
Entanglement
Bell and GHZ Tests
Bell and GHZ Tests (Cont.)
Results from the GHZ test in the Quantum Experience
